# VEX Details
Vex is the world's first decentralized digital asset trading platform, headquartered in London, UK. It has established operation centers in the United States, Singapore, Shenzhen, Canada, Dubai and other places. It adopts top AI technology, intelligently selects high-quality digital asset projects, and pursues transaction security, platform stability and user experience.

Vex was founded in 2019. Since its establishment, the platform has obtained strategic investment of US $3 million from five well-known institutions. It has reached strategic cooperation with Lloyds Banking Group and has settled in the DVC decentralized vulnerability platform. Its main business includes currency / OTC trading, matchmaking engine, traceability, blockchain game, Innovation Zone, entity empowerment, etc. it provides professional institutional investors and high net worth customers with one-stop comprehensive digital asset rights confirmation and trading services such as investment, clearing, risk control and asset management.

The core team of vex comes from well-known Internet and financial enterprises in the world, including a number of early practitioners and investors in the digital currency industry, and has rich experience in technology research and development and global operation in the field of digital currency. With the self-developed core transaction matching system, it is committed to creating a safe, efficient, convenient and open digital asset investment network for global digital asset users, serving nearly 100 countries and regions.
